Add Proposal for DateInput (#43)
tonlabs/DeBot-IS-consortium: DateInput/README.md

# DateInput Interface

**Status**: Accepted

| Name         | ID                                                                |
| :--------    | :---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DateInput    | 4e862a9df81183ab425bdf0fbd76bd0b558c7f44c24887b4354bf1c26c74a623  |

## Description

Allows to input Date.

struct Date:

>     day: uint8 - number of the day. Must be in range [1, 31].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    day: uint8 - index of the day within a month. Must be in range [1, 31].
```

>     month: uint8 - number of month. Must be in range [1, 12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    month: uint8 - index of month within a year. Must be in range [1, 12].
```

>     year: uint16 - number of years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    year: uint16 - index of years relatively to AD.
```
